
Client-Side Markdown Website
============================

Inspired by [MDwiki](http://dynalon.github.io/mdwiki/#!index.md), this is a single-page web application
which loads and renders markdown files at run-time.

This project is completely public domain, to the fullest extent of the law. Feel free to take any of my
code and use it any way you want.

**This project is just a tech-demo and it is not recommended that anyone uses it in a production environment.**


Usage
-----

The application initially loads `index.md` if no other hash is given. Any link in markdown should be prefixed with
a hash, as the application currently uses `hashchange` to navigate between different markdown files.

The application also tries to load a `config.json` file. Currently, the application only looks for a `navigation`
key, which should be an array of objects which contain `title` and `url` keys. This data is used to generate a
navigation bar.

To test the application, take the files in the `test-data` directory and drop them into the `dist` directory
generated by parcel.


Technologies Used
-----------------

* [Vue](https://v3.vuejs.org/)
* [Marked](https://marked.js.org/)
* [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)


License
-------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



